But the words we should not forget, which we call in the middle of the Great East War,
are that when we suffer, the same is true for the enemy, who suffer even more.
The Great East War is a battle between the will and the will.
We must make the effort to overcome this in the last five minutes,
and win the first victory of the Great East War.
The Great East War is a battle between the will and the will.
As I said earlier about the Southern Choryo War,
to me, the gun of the economic chaos, which I call on to command,
is now ready to chips and
However.
There are always others who try...
to confront the enemy.
Perhaps there are others.
Geez!
All aspects of our war Marshall Mr.
How difficult it can be for us now?
There is one thing that is important.
That is, the enemy is suffering from despair.
I am suffering from the sea that has the power of the whole land.
Next, I would like to make a statement.
The war of the present time is a great battle.
It is a battle of love and blood.